I ran this video will show you how to
program a Garmin trip using an Oregon
450 t so we'll just turn this on as it
boots up explain a little bit of the
chirp chirp is a wireless radio beacon
using the ant technology similar to how
the certain forerunners can transfer the
data wirelessly to your computer so the
little radio beacon you can put a
standard watch battery here has a little
velcro strip you want to attach it
somewhere and you can insert the
Waypoint to Joe cash a name a little
hint and let's program that right now so
we have our argon here
easiest way to do this is to actually
change your profile to the geocaching
profile because when you change it or
batteries just a little oh that's why
because when you change it
for example the compass page you saw a
little mr. chair that chirp is enabled
for searching so it's all researching
here that detected the chirp we can view
the details or tap ok let's view the
details
says here that the church chirp hasn't
been programmed like the program it yes
no let's choose yes here we see the
details obviously the chirp is empty so
there's nothing in there we can send the
waypoints in the Jo cache the name
change the message and the race so let's
send it a geocache so let's say that
we're doing a a multi so we want people
to walk by a trailhead and receive the
Waypoint so let's choose this one right
here and let's tap on send so that is
going to send those coordinates to it
now a geocache also has some text to it
so we'll see if that gets sent to the
message field the message feels on about
50 characters the name is limited to
nine characters you can send the stage
to the Waypoint and that's about it
rather limited if you were to read more
than one chirp it will always keep the
latest
details so here it transfer is completed
tap ok let's take notice here that the
name changed the gold star which is
named the geocache take a look at the
details and you can see here the serial
number of the the chirp the last visit
which was never and see the little hint
here look for the sign and you can see
that the next stage so if you want to
navigate you simply were to do that so
let's when let's say we're happy with
that so let's turn this off and turn
this on again and assume that we're
gonna pick this up for the very first
time so we booted up the GPS again
notice here we're on our dashboard here
Tripp is searching detected the chirp
notice that the name has changed load up
the details now we can view the details
notice here that we've locked a visit
now because we just did that the date
and again if we want to navigate to the
next stage so again assuming we're at
the trailhead you wanna get to the to
the cabin or the other trail the portage
the canoe site whatever tap on goal and
we can navigate that as we would
normally now the key thing here is this
is a special chirp navigation or a
waypoint you can't save it to your
regular way points or geocaches so be a
little bit careful with this so if you
wanted to reset the trip you would
probably go to set up scroll down here
to geocaches right here you can see here
that chirp searching is on you can turn
that off you can program the trip